Implement `strict_dependencies "layered"` (#8243)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/error-reference.md

> [go/layers](http://go/layers) for more.

All packages have a `layer`, which is used when checking for layering

> violations. See [3726](#3726).

Reviewer: I understand why we've done this but just want to say:

In an ideal world, we don't have canonical information in the error-reference.

So ideally, we would have a place for docs about the packager, and we would point people to those docs which would include a discussion of what a valid or invalid layer looks like and how to configure them, instead of the docs for another error that they didn't have.

Just something to keep in mind so that we remember to get to that eventually.

Might even be worth a TODO comment here.

You can choose the valid layers using the `--packager-layers` command line flag.
For example, the following specifies that there are three valid layers: `util`,
`lib` and `app`, ordered lowest to highest. This means that in `layered` (or
stricter), packages in the `app` layer can import those in `util` or `lib`, but

> packages in the `util` layer cannot import those in `lib` or `app`.

Reviewer: Let's move the "This means that..." bit to after the codeblock, so that "This" refers to the code in the codeblock (precise) vs the previous sentence (imprecise).

We probably also want to use the words "the order matters" here somewhere in the explanation of how this `--package-layers` flag works.

If the flag is passed with no argument, then the default valid layers are
`library` and `application`.

## 3726

> This error is specific to Stripe's custom `--stripe-packages` mode. If you are
> at Stripe, please see [go/modularity](http://go/modularity) and
> [go/layers](http://go/layers) for more.

> If a package is at `strict_dependencies` level `layered` or stricter, there are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a package is at `strict_dependencies 'layered'` or stricter, there are
```

> 2 restrictions on what packages it may import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two restrictions on what packages it may import:
```

> - all packages it imports must also be at `strict_dependencies` level `layered`
>   (or stricter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all packages it imports must also be at `strict_dependencies 'layered'
  (or stricter)
```

Reviewer: for context: we never say "At `# typed:` level `true` we run inference." Instead, we say, "At `# typed: true` we run inference."

> - all packages must be in the same or lower layer

Reviewer: What does this mean? all packages throughout the codebase? I'm not sure how this line, when clarified, is meant to say anything other than what the previous point says.

> - all packages must be in the same or lower layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- all packages it imports must be in the same or lower `layer`
```

Reviewer: I might further clarify this with an example, like "For example, given `--packager-layers util,lib,app`, all imports for a package with `layer 'lib'` must either also be `layer 'lib'` or be `layer 'util'`."
